Improve the `ToString` filter to cast array members to strings recursively (#241)
laminas/laminas-filter: docs/book/v3/standard-filters.md

## ToString

> The `ToString` filter casts `Stringable` objects or scalar values to `string`. Iterable values will be casted recursive

Author: Unsure if it make sense to make this configurable with an option if the user want to use it or not

Reviewer: I don't think an option is necessary as long as the documented behaviour is clear

> The `ToString` filter casts `Stringable` objects or scalar values to `string`. Iterable values will be casted recursive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ToString` filter casts `Stringable` objects or scalar values to `string`.
If an array is received, member values are cast to a string recursively.
```
